Modify rule S1706:  Mention std::expected as an alternative to exceptions (CPP-5054) (#3799)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1706/cfamily/rule.adoc

While exceptions are a common feature of modern languages, there are several reasons to potentially avoid them:

* They make the control flow of a program more difficult to understand because they introduce additional hidden exit points.
* It is difficult to introduce them gradually in a codebase that was not designed with exceptions in mind.
* They add to the size of each binary produced, thereby increasing both compile time and final executable size.
* They may incur a small performance penalty.
* The time required to handle an exception is not easy to assess, which makes them difficult to use for hard real-time applications. 

> If a project decides not to use exceptions, some other error-handling mechanism needs to be used. One option is to immediately terminate the process when unrecoverable errors are detected. Another one is to use the return value of the functions to convey error information, and explicitly check for this value at the call sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a project decides not to use exceptions, another error-handling mechanism must be used. One option is to immediately terminate the process when unrecoverable errors are detected. Another one is to use the return value of the functions to convey error information and explicitly check for this value at the call sites.
```
or

```suggestion
If a project decides not to use exceptions, some other error-handling mechanisms must be used. One option is to immediately terminate the process when unrecoverable errors are detected. Another one is to use the return value of the functions to convey error information and explicitly check for this value at the call sites.
```

Starting with {cpp}23, the standard library provides the `std::expected` class that allows packing into a single object either the normal return value of a function when the execution succeeded or some error information when it failed. This type also simplifies checking for errors at the call site.

This rule raises an issue when: 

> * an exception is ``++throw++``n

Reviewer: When reading this line, my brain was off-balance because of the display of the `n`. I would either remove the syntax highlighting

```suggestion
* an exception is thrown
```

or rephrase it

```suggestion
* an exception is raised with ``++throw++``
```

* a ``++try++``-``++catch++`` block is used
* an exception specification (``++throw(xxx)++``) is present.

> It applies both for {cpp} and Objective-C exception mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule applies both for {cpp} and Objective-C exception mechanisms.
```

=== Noncompliant code example

[source,cpp]
----

> double myfunction(char param) throw (int); // Noncompliant

Reviewer: Purely subjective: I think it's more common not to have a space here to distinguish from the `throw` expression.
```suggestion
double myfunction(char param) throw(int); // Noncompliant
```

> void f {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
void f() {
```

  try // Noncompliant
  {

>     do_something();

Reviewer: For consistency in naming conventions.
```suggestion
    doSomething();
```

[source,cpp]
----

> std::expected<double, int> myfunction(char param); // Compliant

Reviewer: If the user can use `std::expected` they probably can use `std::error_code`. Should we promote it here are well?
```suggestion
std::expected<double, std::error_code> myfunction(char param); // Compliant
```

Author: Replaced with an enum instead.

void functionThatShallNotFail() noexcept; // Compliant

> bool f {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bool f() {
```

>   if (!do_something()); {

Reviewer: For consistency in naming conventions.
```suggestion
  if (!doSomething()); {
```
